---
title: "💙 Shorties #6: Why You so Bad at Teaching?"
tags: [Random, Life, Shorties]
toc: true
toc_label: "Contents"
author_profile: true
excerpt: This blog have turned into my personal diary. Have fun reading these! 🐸
published: false
---

## Contents

Calculus II's quiz just ended. I effed up.

I'm not really good at this subject and moreover, I $#%#%#% HATE QUIZES AND EXAMS

Maybe this is just another selfish rant coming from me. Homework and assignments suck. I effing hate grades. Why everything must be graded? Why can't you teach properly. Everything is ruined by the system. If you really want to make grades, at least grade something worth without giving too much pressures like quizes and exams.

Why don't you just give some homework to do so we can calmly solve all those things. THIS, you gave quizes. You give good problems on slides that no one does. You give stupid easy but weird quizes with time limit. WHATS THE EFFING POINT? WHATS THE POINT?????????????????????????????????????

Why you do this? Huh? Why? Quiz = hard problems good? You think so?

I'm tired already. I'm a stupid person. I'm a completely utter idiot stupid dumb moron shrimp.

I can't even solve shits, and I'm not even trying. It's depressing to be a complete idiot with no knowledge like a disabled person who can't think.

I hate my life.

Humans are slow and stupid as eff. They tend to do stupid things when they can't think straight. The regret is real in long run after they can think clear. Don't know. How can people actually be super focus without getting distracted to do anything else. Like I want to study 24/7 But I tend to play games and watch movies and stuffs.